[doc][2024.2.2] Added sticky connections section to Connection Manager docs (#26114)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/stable/explore/going-beyond-sql/connection-mgr-ysql.md

| ysql_conn_mgr_optimized_extended_query_protocol | Enables optimization of [extended-query protocol](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/protocol-overview.html#PROTOCOL-QUERY-CONCEPTS) to provide better performance; note that while optimization is enabled, you may have correctness issues if you alter the schema of objects used in prepared statements. If set to false, extended-query protocol handling is always fully correct but unoptimized. | true |

## Sticky connections

YSQL Connection Manager enables a larger number of client connections to efficiently share a smaller pool of backend processes using a many-to-one multiplexing model. However, in certain cases, a backend process may enter a state that prevents connection multiplexing between transactions. When this occurs, the backend process remains dedicated to a single logical connection (hence the term “sticky connection”) for the entire session rather than just a single transaction. This behavior deviates from the typical use case, where backend processes are reassigned after each transaction.

> Some other characteristics of sticky connections:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Backend processes corresponding to sticky connections are destroyed at the end of the session, and so, sticky connections do not return to the pool once used.

Reviewer: I don't understand how the one relates to the other, or what you are saying here. Why don't sticky connections return to pool? Even after related backend process is destroyed at end of session?

Author: the sticky connection corresponds to the backend process - once the backend process is destroyed, it means that the sticky connection on connection manager also gets destroyed, it cannot return to the pool for further use

> - Backend processes corresponding to sticky connections are destroyed at the end of the session, and so, sticky connections do not return to the pool once used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Currently, once formed, sticky connections remain sticky until the end of the session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, once formed, sticky connections remain sticky until the end of the session. At the end of the session, the backend process corresponding to a sticky connection is destroyed along with the connection, and the connection does not return to the pool.
```

> - As of now, sticky connections cannot be reverted back to an "un"-sticky connection; once a sticky connection is formed, it will remain sticky until the end of the session.

Reviewer: This implies the opposite - it will return to pool at end of session

Author: no, it remains sticky for the lifetime of the session - the logical client never lets go of the physical connection
when the logical client closes the session, the backend process (and hence, the sticky connection) gets destroyed

This specific bullet point exists to just mention that once a physical connection becomes sticky, it remains sticky for its lifetime and there is nothing we can do to revert its state

> - As of now, sticky connections cannot be reverted back to an "un"-sticky connection; once a sticky connection is formed, it will remain sticky until the end of the session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Currently, once formed, sticky connections remain sticky until the end of the session.
```

> This section outlines the various scenarios where the user can expect a logical connection to be converted into a sticky connection while using YSQL Connection Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using YSQL Connection Manager, sticky connections can form in the following circumstances:
```

> - Creation of `TEMP` tables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Creating TEMP tables
```

> - Declaration of a `CURSOR` using the `WITH HOLD` attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Declaring a CURSOR using the WITH HOLD attribute
```

> - Using a `PREPARE` query (Not to be confused with protocol-level preparation of statements)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using a PREPARE query (not to be confused with protocol-level preparation of statements)
```

> - Superuser connections (This can be disabled using the `ysql_conn_mgr_superuser_sticky` flag)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Superuser connections; if you want superuser connections to not be sticky, set the `ysql_conn_mgr_superuser_sticky` flag to false
```

> - Superuser connections (This can be disabled using the `ysql_conn_mgr_superuser_sticky` flag)

Reviewer: 'This' - what is disabled? superuser connections?

Author: Superuser connections making the connections sticky - as implied by the flag name
as of now, this flag is set to true by default, the user can have superuser connections without making the physical connection sticky by setting this `ysql_conn_mgr_superuser_sticky` to false

> - Using a SEQUENCE. (Refer to `ysql_conn_mgr_sequence_support_mode` for support without stickiness.)

Reviewer: ysql_conn_mgr_sequence_support_mode doesn't say anything about stickyness

> - Using a SEQUENCE. (Refer to `ysql_conn_mgr_sequence_support_mode` for support without stickiness.)

Author: ```suggestion
- Using a SEQUENCE with `ysql_conn_mgr_sequence_support_mode` set to `session`. (Other values for this flag provide lesser support without stickiness.)
```

> - Using a `SEQUENCE` can make the connection sticky (Refer to `ysql_conn_mgr_sequence_support_mode` for support without stickiness)

Reviewer: What does ysql_conn_mgr_sequence_support_mode do? What do you mean 'support without stickiness'? How? Is the flag documented/link?

Author: this flag has been documented with sufficient information regarding its use case within the "Configuration" section on the same page
For complete support of sequences, the user would have to set `ysql_conn_mgr_sequence_support_mode` to session, which makes the connection sticky upon trying to utilise the created sequence (calling nextval() on the sequence, for instance)

> - Replication connections

Reviewer: CDC? xCluster? Any replication?

Author: will get back to you on this, need more information from the team

> - Usage of specific session parameters (GUC variables) during the session:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Setting the following configuration parameters during the session:
```
